Add supported backends docs under guides (#4)
kubestash/docs: docs/guides/kubedump/overview/index.md

---
title: KubeDump Backup Overview | KubeStash
description: How KubeDump Backup Works in KubeStash
menu:
  docs_{{ .version }}:
    identifier: kubestash-kubedump-overview
    name: How does it work?
    parent: kubestash-kubedump
    weight: 10
product_name: stash
menu_name: docs_{{ .version }}
section_menu_id: guides
---

# How KubeStash Backups Kubernetes Resources

> KubeStash `{{< param "info.version" >}}` supports taking backup of Kubernetes resource YAMLs. You can backup the YAML definition of the resources of entire cluster, a particular namespaces, or only an application etc. In this guide, we are going to show you how Kubernetes resource backup works in KubeStash.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
KubeStash `{{< param "info.version" >}}` supports taking backup of Kubernetes resource YAMLs. You can backup the YAML definition of the resources of entire cluster, a particular namespace, or only an application. In this guide, we are going to show you how Kubernetes resource backup works in KubeStash.
```

## How Backup Works

The following diagram shows how KubeStash takes backup of the Kubernetes resources. Open the image in a new tab to see the enlarged version.

<figure align="center">
  <img alt="KubeDump Backup Overview" src="/docs/guides/kubedump/overview/images/kubedump-backup.svg">
  <figcaption align="center">Fig: KubeDump Backup Overview</figcaption>
</figure>

The backup process consists of the following steps:

1. At first, a user creates a `Secret`. This secret holds the credentials to access the backend where the backed up data will be stored.

2. Then, she creates a `BackupStorage` custom resource that specifies the backend information, along with the `Secret` containing the credentials needed to access the backend.

> 3. KubeStash operator watches for `BackupStorage` custom resources. When it finds a `BackupStorage` object, it initializes the `BackupStorage` by uploading the `metadata.yaml` file into the target storage.

Reviewer: > Applies to all the relevant places.

> 4. Then, she creates a `BackupConfiguration` custom resource which specifies the targeted standalone volume and also creates  an encryption `Secret` resource which will be used to encode/decode the backed up data. The `BackupConfiguration` object specifies the `Repository` pointing to a `BackupStorage` that contains backend information, indicating where to upload backup data. It also defines the `Addon` information with a specified tasks and their configuration parameters to be used for backing up the volume.

Author: Bhai, We haven't mentioned any encryption 'secret' here. Is it necessary to mention it here?
